Add requirements and update readme.md file (#1)
salarghaffarian/Train-Test-Validation-Dataset-Generation: README.md

- **Flip Horizontally**: is the version of original image flipped horizontally.
- **Flip Verticall and Horizontally**: is the version of original image flipped both vertically and horizontally .

- **Start Patching**: starts the patching operations based on the selected parameters.
- **Cancel**: is the button for stopping the patching operations and/or closing the Patchify App.
- Augmentation section has two buttoms. **All** button selects all the augmentation methods. In case a different format should be checked manually, the **Custom Selection** can be selected.

### Important Notes:
- if none of the Train, Testing, Validation percentages is filled, Then the Results will only produce Total cropped patches and the dataset spliting section won't run.
- Make sure you have selected an image, the destination folder for storing and the generated patch name before pressing "Start Patchify" button.

### Implementation:
**patchify.py** is the only file you need to run. But before make sure you have installed all the required python libraries including _opencv_, _PyQt5_. Be sure to use the latest version of pip along with python 3.7

### Requirements:

> **requirements.txt** is the file to install the specefic libraries that are used in this repository. It is possible to install them with this command : **pip install -r requirements.txt** or **pip install --upgrade -r requirements.txt**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**requirements.txt** contains the required python libraries for running Patchify GUI. By using the command **pip install -r requirements.txt** you can install them from scratch or by using the command **pip install --upgrade -r requirements.txt** you can update their current version.

```

Reviewer: I just made some text editing.
